Comrade Joo. It's time to patrol.
It was "Bimok,"
so beautiful that it makes you sad.
On a sunny and weedy corner
of a mountain foot,
there was a wooden cross
on a nameless soldier's grave.
And the song was inspired--
Polka Dot.
You're quite a good singer. Sing it again.
Look.
My name is Ko Hye-ryeong, not Polka Dot.
Besides, I don't sing
without any accompaniment.
-I'm Hosu's Maria Callas.
-Maria Callas!
Is anyone willing
to play piano for Hye-ryeong?
You're good at it.
I'll play it for you.
The cannon and gun smoke
swept the deep vale
At the sunny place…
I don't think it'll work.
But that's the safest place to hide.
I doubt Yeong-ro will tell them easily.
She's even hiding that
she's the ANSP director's daughter.
This is a scheme for the election!
How long will you dance
to the ANSP's tune?
How on earth will you lose Kang Cheong-ya?
-There has been
-Moss at every joint and frown
Quiet!
Well, what about the second verse?
STUDENT HEAD OF DORM
Excuse me. I'm sorry,
but can I go to the restroom?
I can't hold it.
Lie down.
I need to go to the restroom.
Those who need to go, come all at once.
This is the last time.
Hey, cadet.
We'll escape tomorrow.
The hall director knows it.
Joo, the one who took them
to the restroom. You take care of him.
Us?
Got it?
Go.
8 DAYS BEFORE THE ELECTION